docs: update merge pages now merge is done (#25842)
ethereum/go-ethereum: docs/_interface/merge.md

PoW Ethereum Mainnet. That PoS chain, known as the Beacon Chain, was been executing the PoS consensus logic but 
without including any real Ethereum transaction data. The Merge was the moment when Ethereum's blockchain 
and the Beacon Chain joined together to form one unified chain. At the moment of The Merge, execution clients 
switched off their proof-of-work and block gossiping functions and handed responsibility for all consensus and 
fork choice logic over to consensus clients. This was a profound change to how Ethereum operates. Now that The Merge
is done, node operators are required to run a consensus client in addition to an execution client such as Geth.

## How did Geth change?

Geth is an execution client. Historically, running an execution client alone was enough to turn a computer 
into a full Ethereum node. However, since The Merge, Geth has not been able to track the Ethereum chain on 
its own. Instead, it needs to be coupled to another piece of software called a ["consensus client"][con-client-link]. 
The execution client is responsible for transaction handling, transaction gossip, state management and

> the Ethereum Virtual Machine (EVM). However, Geth is no longer responsible for block building, block gossiping or 

Reviewer: I think it may be a bit confusing to readers. Geth is still responsible for generate a building with pending transactions included. However it's not responsible for propose a block.

In this term, maybe Geth is still responsible for block building(block builder) but not a block proposer.

Author: yea ok - I guess what I mean is that Geth creates a component of the block, not the complete block.

```suggestion
the Ethereum Virtual Machine (EVM). However, Geth is no longer responsible for block proposals or 
```

to be executed. Executing the transactions locally is how the client validates that the transactions do not
violate any Ethereum rules and that the proposed update to Ethereum's state is correct. Likewise, when the node

> is selected to be a block producer the consensus client must be able to request bundles of transactions from Geth to

Author: ```suggestion
is selected to be a block producer the consensus client must be able to request executable data from Geth including bundles of transactions and metadata to
```

> include in the new block and a resulting state change. This inter-client communication is handled by a local RPC 

Reviewer: Maybe a nitpick, I feel like it's not very accurate. From Geth's perspective, CL needs to retrieve the execution layer block from Geth which not only includes the transaction set, but also a few other fields(e.g. stateRoot, logsBloom, etc). It's called `ExecutableData` in spec.

All in all, maybe we can call it `consensus client must be able to request a executable data which includes bundles of transactions and some other metadata from Geth to
include in the new block and a resulting state change`?

Author: ok - thanks
